docs(menu): add the alpha menu docs (#456)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/menu/index.mdx

import {SidebarCategoryRoutes} from '../../../constants';
import {Callout, CalloutTitle, CalloutText} from '../../../components/callout';
import {DoDont, Do, Dont} from '../../../components/DoDont';
import {InlineCode} from '../../../components/Typography';
import {
  defaultExample,
  subMenuExample,
  iconButtonExample,
  actionsExample,
  itemContentExample,
} from '../../../component-examples/MenuExamples.ts';

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    allPasteComponent(filter: {name: {eq: "@twilio-paste/menu"}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/menu/"}}) {
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Menu"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/master/packages/paste-core/components/menu"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/components-menu--default"
  data={props.data.allPasteComponent.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<TableOfContents headings={props.data.mdx.headings} />

<content>

<Callout>

>   <CalloutTitle>Alpha components</CalloutTitle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <CalloutTitle>Using alpha components in your product</CalloutTitle>
```

  <CalloutText>

>     Alpha components are ready for you to use in production. Components such as Menu are likely to not see any API
>     changes. This is only an alpha due to the lack of documentation and minimal design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alpha components are ready for you to use in production. Components such as Menu are likely to not see any API changes. This is only an alpha due to the lack of documentation and minimal design. Feel free to share your experience using this component at #help-design-system or start a discussion on GitHub
```

  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

## Guidelines

### About Menu

> <Paragraph>{props.pageContext.frontmatter.description}</Paragraph>

Reviewer: can you change the description to "A menu presents a list of menu items that a user can choose to perform an action with."

> A menu consists of a menu trigger, a button in our case, and a menu of menu items that are shown upon actioning the trigger. A menu item can be used to perform an action, a page navigation or show a sub menu.

Reviewer: Merge this with the previous paragraph.

> A menu consists of a menu trigger, a button in our case, and a menu of menu items that are shown upon actioning the trigger. A menu item can be used to perform an action, a page navigation or show a sub menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component includes a menu trigger (a button in our case) and a menu comprising menu items that are shown upon actioning the trigger. A menu item can be used to perform an action, a page navigation or show a sub menu.
```

> A single menu item cannot perform multiple actions. It can only do one thing.

Reviewer: Move this to inside the callout below

> A single menu item cannot perform multiple actions. It can only do one thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each menu item can only perform a single action.
```

<Callout variant="warning">

>   <CalloutTitle>🛑!!STOP!!🛑</CalloutTitle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <CalloutTitle>Do not nest multiple actions within a menu item</CalloutTitle>
```

  <CalloutText>
    Please do not add additional actionable elements inside a menu item. They will not be keyboard accessible.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

## Examples

### Basic menu

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    ChevronDownIcon,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {defaultExample}
</LivePreview>

### Menu with sub items

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    SubMenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    ChevronDownIcon,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {subMenuExample}
</LivePreview>

### Choosing a menu trigger

> The `MenuButton` is the standard [Paste Button](/component/button) with some extra functionality. As a result it takes all the usual props the Paste Button takes, meaning you have full access to all the variants and styling options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MenuButton` is the standard Paste [Button](/component/button) with some extra functionality. As a result it takes all the usual props the Paste Button takes, meaning you have full access to all the variants and styling options.
```

For example, you can create an icon button menu trigger like so:

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    MoreIcon,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {iconButtonExample}
</LivePreview>

## Composition notes

### Performing actions

A menu item can perform 2 basic tasks:

- trigger an action (switching a view between grid and list)
- trigger a page navigation (going to a new page)

> To do so, either set `href` with a vlid url to go to a new page, or set the `onClick` as an event handler on the `MenuItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, either set `href` with a valid url to go to a new page, or set the `onClick` as an event handler on the `MenuItem`.
```

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    ChevronDownIcon,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {actionsExample}
</LivePreview>

> ### Menu item content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Composing menu items
```

<Callout>
  <CalloutTitle>Note</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>
    Menu item content is composible however you want. We'll have more complete best practice guidelines soon, but in the
    meantime here are some example compositions using Paste components.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

> <Callout variant="warning">

Reviewer: Remove this callout, not needed twice

> <Callout variant="warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   <CalloutTitle>🛑!!Reminder!!🛑</CalloutTitle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <CalloutText>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Please do not add additional actionable elements inside a menu item. They will not be keyboard accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   </CalloutText>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    ChevronDownIcon,
    MediaObject,
    MediaBody,
    MediaFigure,
    InformationIcon,
    Text,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {itemContentExample}
</LivePreview>

## Anatomy

### MenuButton

> See the [button component](/components/button).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [button](/components/button) component.
```

### Menu

| Property         | Default token         | Modifiable? |
| ---------------- | --------------------- | ----------- |
| background-color | color-background-body | No          |
| border-width     | border-width-10       | No          |
| border-color     | color-border-light    | No          |
| border-radius    | border-radius-20      | No          |
| box-shadow       | shadow-card           | No          |
| max-width        | size-30               | No          |
| min-width        | size-30               | No          |

> ### SubMenuButton & MenuItem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SubMenuButton and MenuItem
```

#### Default

| Property      | Default token   | Modifiable? |
| ------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| color         | color-text-link | No          |
| padding       | space-30        | No          |
| padding-left  | space-50        | No          |
| padding-right | space-50        | No          |

#### Hover & focused

| Property         | Default token                     | Modifiable? |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- |
| background-color | color-background-primary-lightest | No          |
| text-decoration  | underline                         | No          |

### MenuSeparator

> See the [separator component](/components/separator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [separator](/components/separator) component.
```
